things to do 

1. Ensure that bots wait for other to completee their local goal , i.e after all reach local goal , then only they can take next step 
2. Journal _orientation file use vector concept to find right and left 
3. bot should publish the path from its present point to goal , previous path covered by bot should be deleted in publisher
4. bot has to replan and go the original initial path , in case of path differed due to replanning
5. VSDC video editing app
6. Tmuxinator implement
7. what should be the map for 10 map and obstacles

ISSUES FACED:
For Head-On case -

    1.due to synchronisation issue , while implementing rule for head on collision , bot which is starting first replans and 
      the second bot cant replan as its subscribing the new path of other bot 

   2. in head -on collision , region on left side of vector pointing from self to target bot is taken , to bound the region distance from self bot
      to test point should be less than 2 units 

   3. in head on collision logic , its  using q-1 q and q+1 to do path generation , right now its not taking into account of present bot position ,
      so , if dection is too early , present head-on logic will lead to skipping waypoint from present position until q-1 positions 
      as q-1 is given as start point .......
      for this either threshold distance can take care or 
      replanned path should be appended after q-2 point of original path 
 
   4. To deal with synchronisation issue in case of head on collision 
      proposed solution :
      each bot should publish 
      previous path + present path (due to replanning)+ self.id of bot + other bot id  responsible for its replanning 
        each bot should subscribe above 
        it will check whether its responsible for replanning , comparing the botid with itself , 
        in case its responsible for other bot replanning ,
        it will take other bots previous path for taking  further decision  


For Bot to travel to its original path :

   1. Considering a situation B1  replans because of B2  , B1 goal to be set as original path ,now B1 is travelling with replanned (path2) path again encounters a different bot B3 ,B1 again has
      replan (path3 )again setting goal as one of the points of second planned path.

   2.  Do we have to store those replanned path so that its easy to move to original waypoints ?

   



Progress Video links:

Test1 3 bot -    https://drive.google.com/file/d/1F9wfmr9B21H5J72dAgCdURi9bn231rwh/view?usp=sharing
